Foyer	Looking around, you can see you are in a mansion. The ceiling goes high, the space around you looks expensively decorated, and it fills you with the sense that this is too big to figure out. You can see the main entrance doors, but upon trying them, you notice they are locked. You look to the windows for an escape, but they are too high to reach.	You walk to the foyer.	You can see a room to the east, a room to the west, and stairs north leading to the second floor.	true	false	false	Foyer Balcony	null	Grand Hall	Kitchen
Kitchen	From the moment you go in, you can tell this kitchen has to be old. Stone ovens and stones, with cobwebs all on the walls. This has not been used in a while.	You walk to the kitchen.	There is a strange button to the north, and the door back to the foyer to the east.	false	false	false	Study	null	Foyer	null
Grand Hall	Description	You walk to the grand hall.	You can see the foyer to the west, and the ballroom to the north.	true	false	false	Ballroom	null	null	Foyer
Study	The walls are all filled with books, with just a modest table and chair in the middle of the room. You deduce this must be a secret study. There is a door with two keyholes, numbered '1' and '2', and it seems to be locked.	You press the button on the wall, but nothing happens. After a few seconds, you hear gears whirring and clocks ticking, and the wall in front of you revolves, showing you a secret entrance. After going into the next room, you notice there is no button to go back. 	North is the door with the keyholes labeled '1' and '2', and you can see outside through the small window on the door. You also see another button similar to the kitchen's to the east.	false	false	false	Backyard	null	Gallery	null
Gallery	An old gallery, which seems to have been damaged. The paintings are all on the ground and smashed to pieces, except for two. The first painting seems to be of a bathroom, and the second is of a small room with an open closet.	You walk to the gallery.	You can see the ballroom to the east.	false	false	false	null	null	Ballroom	null
Ballroom	You see the plaque 'Ballroom' as you go into the room. The room is clear aside from a few tables, and the floor is visibly dusty. This has not been used in a while.	You walk to the ballroom.	There is a door to the north, the grand hall to the south, and a gallery to the west.	true	false	false	Bathroom	Grand Hall	null	Gallery
Bathroom	An old bathroom, this must have been the guest bathroom.	You walk to the bathroom.	You can see the ballroom to the south.	false	false	true	null	Ballroom	null	null
Backyard	Nowhere else to go.	You open the door to the backyard, once you are outside, you breath in the fresh air. You hear a loud bang behind you, the door has closed.	The fence door leading outside is due north, but it also has a sign saying 'DO NOT ENTER'.	false	false	false	End	null	null	null
Foyer Balcony	You look down on the foyer. This mansion has not been used in a while.	You walk to the foyer balcony, and take in how big this room is.	You can see doors leading north, and the stairs to go back down on the south.	false	false	false	Hallway	Foyer	null	null
Hallway	A grand hallway, decorated with paintings and the busts of men you do not know. All the doors seem closed off by panels or planks, except for the doors at both ends of the hallway.	You walk to the hallway.	There is a room far to the east, far to the west, and doors leading back to the foyer south. Every other door is barricaded off.	false	false	false	null	Foyer Balcony	Small Bedroom	Main Bedroom
Main Bedroom	A big bedroom, decorated in silks and gold. Unlike the rest of the mansion, this looks like it has been used and cleaned recently.	You walk to the main bedroom.	There is a door to the south, and doors leading back to the hallway to the east.	false	false	false	null	Main Bathroom	Hallway	null
Small Bedroom	A small, normal looking bedroom. You would think being in a mansion, the rooms would be bigger, though it might just be a servant's bedroom.	You walk to the bedroom.	There is a closet to the south, and the hallway back west.	false	false	false	null	Closet	null	Hallway
Closet	There is a chest with the number '1' imprinted on it.	You open the closet.	You can close the closet and go back north to the bedroom.	false	true	false	Small Bedroom	null	null	null
Main Bathroom	An old, rundown bathroom. You cannot see very clearly here, and the ground under you feels wet, though none of the faucets work.	You walk to the bathroom.	You can return back to the main bedroom going north.	false	false	true	Main Bedroom	null	null	null
End	nodescript	walkingtomoreinfo	noinfo	false	false	false	null	null	null	null